Here I am going to write some question that I have related to this project.

Read the code once again to get an insight of what 
you had been up to.

If you will leave the project for too long then it will be difficult to come back to it and understand it so keep that in mind 

after coming back first set up the git uisng the 

git status

The below command did not work when I used it in case of web developement.

git remote add url or git remote set-url url 

So the alternate command is 

git remote ( to check the name associated with the remote url ).

git remote -v ( this will give the name associated with the remote url and the url too ).

git remote add name url ( this is the correct command to get add the name with the url or vice versa ).

Another useful command is the 

git remote rename old_name new_name

git remote remove < name > git remote rm < name > these two commands will remove the name associated with the url.

Now regarding the git fetch , push , merge , and rebase , pull .

Now keep in mind that git add . and git add --all both are the same 

git reset HEAD --< file > this command is used to unstage a specific file.

git push origin (finally you can use this )

Keep in mind to have the backup of the repository in case some of the code base is lost.

git show is also a useful command to see the changes at the respective places.

Now there is a question too that how do I see the full content of the code base and the changes.
Learn more about branches and head too.

git filter

git status 

git commit -m "text"

git push origin main 

apart from this for flutter go for 

flutter doctor 

flutter upgrade or update --force if needed

dart run 

flutter run the first time after coming back because the app shows so many issues initially so , keep that in mind.

This is just a sample app to understand the concept of app building after this make good and difficult apps.

Now this time I am approaching this with some changes that is the concept of oops is to utilise the benefit of abstraction and also one of my own method is the use of burning the candle from both the sides so first I am going to learn from the top level design and then I will go in depth.

Don't memorise but because of abstraction you will have to first learn specific things only it does not mean that you know everything or you don't have to learn in depth but first complete this part.

One of the question is that do widgets get hidden in flutter or do they get replaced.
